Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Hey. where do you think
you're going. gringo?
Give me the camera.
Give them the camera.
Look. let them go.
Nobody will believe them.
They'll think they're crazy.
Yes. somebody will believe them.
And they'll come.
And they will see if what
these crazies are saying is true.
And they will defile our land.
these nonbelievers!
Our land. our village!
That's not true!
What will happen
when Co-cai doesn't return?
to our lives. to our fishing?
With our food. with our fish?
Our secrets
will remain in this village!
Give me the camera!
Careful! He has a knife!
- Stay back!
- Follow me.
Listen to me. please. this won't…
Stay back! Stay back!
Let's go this way.
Let's go that way.
There's nothing here.
Come on!
Has Cate called you?
No.
Cate is our family.
She feels this is all her fault.
Cate made her choice.
Kentaro. we all make mistakes…
But that doesn't mean we need
to bear the consequences alone.
These will do nicely.
Hurry! Pick up the pace!
I'm working on it!
It's open!
Hurry up. hurry!
They're in the vicinity…
We don't have much time.
Be careful.
This is going to the Pensacola office.
That's all you think about…
Why do you…
Mom is just like him.
Chasing monsters
mattered more than anything.
It certainly mattered more than me.
Why do you say that?
You want to know
why I speak with this accent?
Because when I was eleven years old.
he sent me to live with Mimi.
Bill Randa disappeared.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm